Fix broken links / anchors in docs (#26151)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/writing-extensions.adoc

==== Beans backed by classes

> An extension can produce an <<all-builditems#arc,`AdditionalBeanBuildItem`>> to instruct the container to read a bean definition from a class as if it was part of the original application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extension can produce an xref:cdi-integration.adoc#additional_bean_build_item[`AdditionalBeanBuildItem`] to instruct the container to read a bean definition from a class as if it was part of the original application:
```
